Didn't you promise to be with me?
Wang Yang, I can't help it.
Slave, I have to 5 million
Could it be that you can take it out?
Just because 5 million with that old man
So what's between us?
Please don't force me anymore.
If you don't break up with him completely
I will kill you
Give the recording of the transaction to Zhang Shanshen
What!
You recorded it while I was drunk
I will be by your side
Always be with you
You betrayed me first
I had to save one hand
But don't worry.
As long as you marry me
I'll destroy the recording
OK
You let me think about it
Boss Jin, I'm really cornered
Wang Yang has a recording of my murder in his hand
I'm begging you. Please help me
I can help you.
But I still miss your performance
OK
As long as you can help me get the recording back
I would like to perform for you every day
Ok please start your show
Lick enough 5,000 drops
Your task for today is complete
Take your time.
Who are you?
What do you want?